To be able to bluff so low
You are unprecedented
Don't think I don't know the little Jiujiu in your heart
Too bad you missed the most important point
No matter how much you pretend
Doesn't change the fact
So you think he's going to win?
I think that's a fact.
My ability
How can you old people think of it?
If you're talking about the ability to eat, drink, gamble and prodigal
Then my eldest sister and I are really ashamed.
Second Aunt, One Horse Returns One Horse
He, Lin Fan, made a bet with the zodiac sign
We're going to let that go.
Now let's come back and talk about him Lin Fan appropriated it without authorization
Deficit project funds
As a member of the Lin family
I have the right and the duty to safeguard the interests of my family
Now I propose to the family council
Immediately deprive Lin Fan of the respect of the project leader
Mom, I agree with Lin Zhong's proposal
We also broke up
Last minute
Can't you wait?
A minute is a year
Not even in ten years
I see.
It's hard to accept that in your heart
But unfortunately it's all your fault
Lin Fan's mother orders you now
You can hand over the school affairs
Time up.